docs: change opening sessions guidance (#59)
Public-Health-Scotland/technical-docs: Posit Infrastructure/FAQs.md

#### How do I open or switch to another project?

Posit Workbench provides several ways to open or switch to another project, but there is one way tends to produce less errors.  Please ensure that you always follow these steps to open a project:

1. Open a "project opener" session — 0.2 CPU and 200 MB:  
   ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46680486/279127344-10a70bdc-963c-48f2-b83f-e10e95fe9a13.png)
   These sessions are small because no data processing is supposed to be done on them. Having a small session helps to save resources as Posit Workbench works on a pay-as-you-go policy.

> 2. After ageeing to the Usage Policy, click on the open new session icon ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46680486/279127331-4967eda2-f52a-4acd-a04b-5adf6e1e6b92.png) in the top right corner:  
>    ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46680486/279127337-94f82693-97d0-492d-b4ca-12c4bf4a44a5.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After agreeing to the Usage Policy, click on the open new session icon ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46680486/279127331-4967eda2-f52a-4acd-a04b-5adf6e1e6b92.png) in the top right corner:  
   ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46680486/279127337-94f82693-97d0-492d-b4ca-12c4bf4a44a5.png)
```

> 3. In the pop-up window, select "Start within: ⦿ Project", click on the "Browse..." button:  
>    ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46680486/279127346-705fc95b-1f32-4b5c-84ce-bcc2fe9073ab.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the pop-up window, select "Start within: ⦿ Project", and click on the "Browse..." button:  
   ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46680486/279127346-705fc95b-1f32-4b5c-84ce-bcc2fe9073ab.png)
```

4. Navigate to your project folder and double-click on the `.Rproj` file:  
   ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46680486/279127342-b78bf898-5950-419c-834d-3b02799e6c2e.png)

5. Input the CPU and Memory according to your [project requirements]([PHS Data Science - Knowledge Base (public-health-scotland.github.io)](https://public-health-scotland.github.io/knowledge-base/docs/Posit%20Infrastructure?doc=How%20to%20Use%20RStudio%20for%20Measuring%20Your%20Memory%20Usage.md)), and click on "Start":  
   ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46680486/279127341-8212b1ce-b297-44d9-ab33-fa2bd838b09c.png)
   
   To use the default CPU and memory resources, you can erase the text on these input boxes.

6. The new session will be open in a new tab. Wait until the new session has successfully opened your project. Then **do not forget** to come back to the previous tab to close the "project opener" session if you do not intend to use it anymore.

> This procedure for opening projects should save time in case errors are raised when opening projects, because your "project opener" session does not close automatically when opening the new project. Although, if you forget to close that session, once the project was successfully open, we will be spending money on idle sessions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure for opening projects should save time in case errors are raised when opening projects because your "project opener" session does not close automatically when opening the new project. However, if you forget to close that session, once the project is successfully open, we will be spending money on idle sessions.
```

> 
> !!! IMPORTANT !!!

Reviewer: Not sure why this is just here at the bottom, was it meant to be somewhere else?
```suggestion
```

Author: That one is there also in the current official guidance — https://public-health-scotland.github.io/knowledge-base/docs/Posit%20Infrastructure?doc=FAQs.md
I believe it is good to have it there, so I would reject this suggestion.
